hi this is darren from mahalovideogames
and this is an educational video on how
to beat assassin's creed's brotherhood
for more videos in this series please
visit Mahalo com /a c b WT and if you
have any requests please send them to
request at Mahalo com lastly please
don't forget to rate subscribe or
comment on this video thank you politics
economics technology they won't stop
until every single one of us serves them
literally fighting against them are the
assassins a group dedicated to
safeguarding humanity's free will I was
born into the Brotherhood a couple of
weeks ago the Templars found me they
took me prisoner strap me into a machine
they built and put me to work it's
called an animus and it's where I spent
most of my time exploring the memories
of my ancestors discovering entire lives
locked deep inside my DNA first I
revisited the life of Alta Arab in Lahad
an assassin from the Crusades the
Templars one of the location of
something known as a piece of Eden an
ancient artifact capable of bending
people to their will once the Templars
had what they were looking for they
decided my usefulness had come to an end
but Lucy saved me
Lucy when things were at their worst she
revealed herself to be an assassin and
helped me escape I was hoping that would
be the end of my misadventures but we
were just getting started back into
another animus I went now I'm reliving
the memories of Ezio Auditore da Firenze
my ancestor from the Renaissance
searching for a path forward through the
bleeding effect I'm becoming an assassin
in more than just name it will come in
handy as the Templars prepared to
enslave us all they found us it crashed
our hideout and we're fleeing the scene
looking for a place to hide only there
isn't any and time is running short my
name is Desmond Miles and this is my
story
how could you fight Mario I'll be taught
it let me hear
you
Rebecca what's going on I have to run
some Diagnostics I'll get back to you
it is done the message is delivered we
can what who is Desmond I don't
understand please wait have so many
questions
letter in the hands of the earth than in
the hands of man uncle what can I say we
sent a single man against an entire army
I was worried quick climb up we have to
get out of
you